Update todo move item API to reference previous uid (#1958)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/entity/todo.md

A To-do list entity may support re-ordering To-do items in the list by specifying
the `MOVE_TODO_ITEM` supported feature. The To-do item with the specified `uid`

> should be moved to the position in the list after the specified by `previous_uid` (`None` is the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should be moved to the position in the list after the one specified by `previous_uid` (`None` means move to the first
```
